# Amazon.SellingPartnerAPIAA.Clients.Models.Replenishment.GetSellingPartnerMetricsResponseMetric
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**NotDeliveredDueToOOS** | **double?** | The percentage of items that were not shipped out of the total shipped units over a period of time due to being out of stock. Applicable to &#x60;PERFORMANCE&#x60; &#x60;timePeriodType&#x60;. | [optional] 
**TotalSubscriptionsRevenue** | **double?** | The revenue generated from subscriptions over a period of time. Applicable for both the &#x60;PERFORMANCE&#x60; and &#x60;FORECAST&#x60; &#x60;timePeriodType&#x60;. | [optional] 
**ShippedSubscriptionUnits** | **decimal?** | The number of units shipped to the subscribers over a period of time. Applicable for both the &#x60;PERFORMANCE&#x60; and &#x60;FORECAST&#x60; &#x60;timePeriodType&#x60;. | [optional] 
**ActiveSubscriptions** | **decimal?** | The number of active subscriptions present at the end of the period. Applicable to &#x60;PERFORMANCE&#x60; &#x60;timePeriodType&#x60;. | [optional] 
**SubscriberAverageRevenue** | **double?** | The average revenue per subscriber of the program over a period of past 12 months for sellers and 6 months for vendors. Applicable to &#x60;PERFORMANCE&#x60; &#x60;timePeriodType&#x60;. | [optional] 
**NonSubscriberAverageRevenue** | **double?** | The average revenue per non-subscriber of the program over a period of past 12 months for sellers and 6 months for vendors. Applicable to &#x60;PERFORMANCE&#x60; &#x60;timePeriodType&#x60;. | [optional] 
**LostRevenueDueToOOS** | **double?** | The revenue that would have been generated had there not been out of stock. Applicable to &#x60;PERFORMANCE&#x60; &#x60;timePeriodType&#x60;. | [optional] 
**SubscriberAverageReorders** | **double?** | The average reorders per subscriber of the program over a period of 12 months. Applicable to &#x60;PERFORMANCE&#x60; &#x60;timePeriodType&#x60;. | [optional] 
**NonSubscriberAverageReorders** | **double?** | The average reorders per non-subscriber of the program over a period of past 12 months. Applicable to &#x60;PERFORMANCE&#x60; &#x60;timePeriodType&#x60;. | [optional] 
**CouponsRevenuePenetration** | **double?** | The percentage of revenue from ASINs with coupons out of total revenue from all ASINs. Applicable to &#x60;PERFORMANCE&#x60; &#x60;timePeriodType&#x60;. | [optional] 
**RevenueFromSubscriptionsWithMultipleDeliveries** | **double?** | The subscription revenue generated from subscriptions with over two deliveries over the past 12 months. Applicable to &#x60;PERFORMANCE&#x60; &#x60;timePeriodType&#x60;. | [optional] 
**RevenueFromActiveSubscriptionsWithSingleDelivery** | **double?** | The subscription revenue generated from active subscriptions with one delivery over the past 12 months. Applicable to &#x60;PERFORMANCE&#x60; &#x60;timePeriodType&#x60;. | [optional] 
**RevenueFromCancelledSubscriptionsAfterSingleDelivery** | **double?** | The subscription revenue generated from subscriptions which are cancelled after one delivery over the past 12 months. Applicable to &#x60;PERFORMANCE&#x60; &#x60;timePeriodType&#x60;. | [optional] 
**SubscriberRetentionFor30Days** | **double?** | The percentage of subscriptions retained after 30 days of subscription creation. Applicable to &#x60;PERFORMANCE&#x60; &#x60;timePeriodType&#x60;. | [optional] 
**SubscriberRetentionFor90Days** | **double?** | The percentage of subscriptions retained after 90 days of subscription creation. Applicable to &#x60;PERFORMANCE&#x60; &#x60;timePeriodType&#x60;. | [optional] 
**RevenuePenetrationFor0PercentSellerFunding** | **double?** | The percentage of subscription revenue generated by offers with 0% seller-funded discount over the last 12 months. Applicable to &#x60;PERFORMANCE&#x60; &#x60;timePeriodType&#x60;. | [optional] 
**RevenuePenetrationFor5PercentSellerFunding** | **double?** | [Applicable only for Sellers] The percentage of subscription revenue generated by offers with 5% seller-funded discount over the last 12 months. Applicable to &#x60;PERFORMANCE&#x60; &#x60;timePeriodType&#x60;. | [optional] 
**RevenuePenetrationFor10PercentSellerFunding** | **double?** | [Applicable only for Sellers] The percentage of subscription revenue generated by offers with 10% seller-funded discount over the last 12 months. Applicable to &#x60;PERFORMANCE&#x60; &#x60;timePeriodType&#x60;. | [optional] 
**RevenuePenetrationFor5PlusPercentSellerFunding** | **double?** | [Applicable only for vendors] The percentage of subscription revenue generated by offers with 5% or above seller-funded discount over the last 12 months. Applicable to &#x60;PERFORMANCE&#x60; &#x60;timePeriodType&#x60;. | [optional] 
**ShareOfCouponSubscriptions** | **double?** | The percentage of new subscriptions acquired through coupons. Applicable to &#x60;PERFORMANCE&#x60; &#x60;timePeriodType&#x60;. | [optional] 
**NonSubscriberLifeTimeValueFromOTP** | **double?** | Total revenue from customers who have made purchases from your catalog but have never subscribed to any products | [optional] 
**LostSubscriberLifeTimeValueFromOTP** | **double?** | Revenue from one-time purchase orders placed by customers who previously had subscriptions but currently have none active in your catalog. | [optional] 
**LostSubscriberLifeTimeValueFromSNS** | **double?** | Revenue from Subscribe &amp; Save orders placed by customers who previously had subscriptions but currently have none active in your catalog. | [optional] 
**GrowingSubscriberLifeTimeValueFromOTP** | **double?** | Revenue from one-time purchase orders placed by customers who started their first subscription with your catalog within the past 12 months. | [optional] 
**GrowingSubscriberLifeTimeValueFromSNS** | **double?** | Revenue from Subscribe &amp; Save orders placed by customers who started their first subscription with your catalog within the past 12 months. | [optional] 
**EstablishedSubscriberLifeTimeValueFromOTP** | **double?** | Revenue from one-time purchase orders placed by customers who have maintained an active subscription with your catalog for more than 12 months. | [optional] 
**EstablishedSubscriberLifeTimeValueFromSNS** | **double?** | Revenue from Subscribe &amp; Save orders placed by customers who have maintained an active subscription with your catalog for more than 12 months. | [optional] 
**SignupConversionFor0PercentSellerFunding** | **double?** | Percentage of subscriptions created by offers with 0% seller-funded discount out of the total number of new orders placed over the past 12 months | [optional] 
**SignupConversionFor5PercentSellerFunding** | **double?** | [Applicable only for Sellers] Percentage of subscriptions created by offers with 5% seller-funded discount out of the total number of new orders placed over the past 12 months | [optional] 
**SignupConversionFor10PercentSellerFunding** | **double?** | [Applicable only for Sellers] Percentage of subscriptions created by offers with 10% seller-funded discount out of the total number of new orders placed over the past 12 months | [optional] 
**SignupConversionFor5PlusPercentSellerFunding** | **double?** | [Applicable only for Vendors] Percentage of subscriptions created by offers with 5% or above seller-funded discount out of the total number of new orders placed over the past 12 months | [optional] 
**TimeInterval** | [**TimeInterval**](TimeInterval.md) | A time interval used to compute metrics. | [optional] 
**CurrencyCode** | **string** | The currency code in ISO 4217 format. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

