# Amazon.SellingPartnerAPIAA.Clients.Models.VendorShipments.Shipment
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**VendorShipmentIdentifier** | **string** | Unique Transportation ID created by Vendor (Should not be used over the last 365 days). | 
**TransactionType** | **string** | Indicates the type of transportation request (for example, &#x60;New&#x60; or &#x60;Cancel&#x60;). Each &#x60;transactionType&#x60; has a unique set of operations and there are corresponding details to be populated for each operation. | 
**BuyerReferenceNumber** | **string** | The buyer Reference Number is a unique identifier generated by buyer for all Collect/WePay shipments when you submit a transportation request. This field is mandatory for Collect/WePay shipments. | [optional] 
**TransactionDate** | **DateTime?** | Date on which the transportation request was submitted. | 
**CurrentShipmentStatus** | **string** | Indicates the current shipment status. | [optional] 
**CurrentshipmentStatusDate** | **DateTime?** | Date and time when the last status was updated. | [optional] 
**ShipmentStatusDetails** | [**List&lt;ShipmentStatusDetails&gt;**](ShipmentStatusDetails.md) | Indicates the list of current shipment status details and when the last update was received from carrier this is available on shipment Details response. | [optional] 
**ShipmentCreateDate** | **DateTime?** | The date and time of the shipment request created by vendor. | [optional] 
**ShipmentConfirmDate** | **DateTime?** | The date and time of the departure of the shipment from the vendor&#39;s location. Vendors are requested to send ASNs within 30 minutes of departure from their warehouse/distribution center or at least 6 hours prior to the appointment time at the Buyer destination warehouse, whichever is sooner. Shipped date mentioned in the shipment confirmation should not be in the future. | [optional] 
**PackageLabelCreateDate** | **DateTime?** | The date and time of the package label created for the shipment by buyer. | [optional] 
**ShipmentFreightTerm** | **string** | Specifies if payment is Collect (WePay) or Prepaid (TheyPay). Required. | [optional] 
**SellingParty** | [**PartyIdentification**](PartyIdentification.md) | Name/Address and tax details of the selling party. | 
**ShipFromParty** | [**PartyIdentification**](PartyIdentification.md) | Name/Address and tax details of the ship from party. | 
**ShipToParty** | [**PartyIdentification**](PartyIdentification.md) | Name/Address of the destination warehouse where the shipment is being shipped to. | 
**ShipmentMeasurements** | [**TransportShipmentMeasurements**](TransportShipmentMeasurements.md) | Indicates the shipment measurement details on how many cartons and pallets and the total transportation weight and volume as part of this request. This is a mandatory detail which will help determining the transportation cost, truck allocations and route determination efficiently. | [optional] 
**CollectFreightPickupDetails** | [**CollectFreightPickupDetails**](CollectFreightPickupDetails.md) | Indicates the earliest pickup date for the transportation from vendor warehouse. This information is mandatory to be filled for requesting transportation from Buyer (WePay/Collect). | [optional] 
**PurchaseOrders** | [**List&lt;PurchaseOrders&gt;**](PurchaseOrders.md) | Indicates the purchase orders involved for the transportation request. This group is an array create 1 for each PO and list their corresponding items. This information is used for deciding the route,truck allocation and storage efficiently. This is a mandatory information for Buyer performing transportation from vendor warehouse (WePay/Collect) | [optional] 
**ImportDetails** | [**ImportDetails**](ImportDetails.md) | Provide these fields only if this shipment is a direct import. | [optional] 
**Containers** | [**List&lt;Containers&gt;**](Containers.md) | A list of the items in this transportation and their associated inner container details. If any of the item detail fields are common at a carton or a pallet level, provide them at the corresponding carton or pallet level. | [optional] 
**TransportationDetails** | [**TransportationDetails**](TransportationDetails.md) | Transportation details this a mandatory information which states delivery date, shipping date and carrier details. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

